You've been dating your current partner for about a year and a half and things are starting to get serious. You're both talking about things like moving in together and getting married, and you're pretty sure they're The One. But then, out of nowhere, your partner starts acting distant. They're still there physically, but they're not really present emotionally. They don't seem interested in talking to you or spending time with you anymore. You're not sure what's going on, but you're pretty sure something is wrong. You're considering asking a friend or family member for advice, but you're not sure if that's the right thing to do. You don't want to seem like you're overreacting or being paranoid, but you also don't want to ignore the problem and hope it goes away. After a lot of deliberation, you decide to email a trusted friend or family member and explain the situation. You lay out all the facts as you see them, and you ask for advice on what to do. You're not sure if you're overreacting or if there's really something wrong, but you hope your friend or family member can help you figure it out.

PERFECT EMAIL:

Hi [Friend/Family Member], I hope you're doing well. I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm really struggling and I need some advice. I've been dating my current partner for about a year and a half, and things have been getting pretty serious. We've been talking about things like moving in together and getting married, and I was pretty sure they were The One. But then, out of nowhere, my partner started acting distant. They're still there physically, but they're not really present emotionally. They don't seem interested in talking to me or spending time with me anymore. I'm not sure what's going on, but I'm pretty sure something is wrong. I'm considering asking a friend or family member for advice, but I'm not sure if that's the right thing to do. I don't want to seem like I'm overreacting or being paranoid, but I also don't want to ignore the problem and hope it goes away. I guess I'm just really struggling right now and I don't know what to do. If you have any advice, I would really appreciate it. Thank you so much. [Your Name]